Lexeme	Sense Definition 1	Sense Definition 2	PoS
lost	If something is lost, or gets lost, you cannot find it, for example because you have forgotten where you put it.	If something is lost, or gets lost, you cannot find it, for example because you have forgotten where you put it.	If you describe something as lost, you mean that you no longer have it or it no longer exists.	Adjective
true	If you use true to describe something or someone, you approve of them because they have all the characteristics or qualities that such a person or thing typically has.	If you use true to describe something or someone, you approve of them because they have all the characteristics or qualities that such a person or thing typically has.	If you are true to someone, you remain committed and loyal to them. If you are true to an idea or promise, you remain committed to it and continue to act according to it.	Adjective
separate	If you refer to separate things, you mean several different things, rather than just one thing.	If you refer to separate things, you mean several different things, rather than just one thing.	If one thing is separate from another, there is a barrier, space, or division between them, so that they are clearly two things.	Adjective
deep	If something is deep, it extends a long way down from the ground or from the top surface of something.	If something is deep, it extends a long way down from the ground or from the top surface of something.	You use deep to talk or ask about how much something measures from the surface to the bottom, or from front to back.	Adjective
election	The election of a particular person or group of people is their success in winning an election.	The election of a particular person or group of people is their success in winning an election.	An election is a process in which people vote to choose a person or group of people to hold an official position.	Noun
piece	You can use piece of with many uncount nouns to refer to an individual thing of a particular kind. For example, you can refer to some advice as a piece of advice.	You can use piece of with many uncount nouns to refer to an individual thing of a particular kind. For example, you can refer to some advice as a piece of advice.	A piece of something is an amount of it that has been broken off, torn off, or cut off.	Noun
stick	A stick is a long thin piece of wood which is used for a particular purpose.	A stick is a long thin piece of wood which is used for a particular purpose.	Some long thin objects that are used in sports are called sticks.	Noun
list	A list of things such as names or addresses is a set of them which all belong to a particular category, written down one below the other.	A list of things such as names or addresses is a set of them which all belong to a particular category, written down one below the other.	A list of things is a set of them that you think of as being in a particular order.	Noun
use	Your use of something is the action or fact of your using it.	Your use of something is the action or fact of your using it.	If something has a particular use, it is intended for a particular purpose.	Noun
friend	If you are friends with someone, you are their friend and they are yours.	If you are friends with someone, you are their friend and they are yours.	A friend is someone who you know well and like, but who is not related to you.	Noun
period	A period in the life of a person, organization, or society is a length of time which is remembered for a particular situation or activity.	A period in the life of a person, organization, or society is a length of time which is remembered for a particular situation or activity.	A period is a length of time.	Noun
match	If something of a particular colour or design matches another thing, they have the same colour or design, or have a pleasing appearance when they are used together.	If something of a particular colour or design matches another thing, they have the same colour or design, or have a pleasing appearance when they are used together.	If something such as an amount or a quality matches with another amount or quality, they are both the same or equal. If you match two things, you make them the same or equal.	Verb
kick	If you kick someone or something, you hit them forcefully with your foot.	If you kick someone or something, you hit them forcefully with your foot.	If you kick or if you kick your legs, you move your legs with very quick, small, and forceful movements, once or repeatedly.	Verb
demonstrate	When people demonstrate, they march or gather somewhere to show their opposition to something or their support for something.	When people demonstrate, they march or gather somewhere to show their opposition to something or their support for something.	To demonstrate a fact means to make it clear to people.	Verb
share	If you share something that you have with someone, you give some of it to them or let them use it.	If you share something that you have with someone, you give some of it to them or let them use it.	If you share something with another person, you both have it, use it, or occupy it. You can also say that two people share something.	Verb
cut	If you cut something such as grass, your hair, or your fingernails, you shorten them using scissors or another tool.	If you cut something such as grass, your hair, or your fingernails, you shorten them using scissors or another tool.	If you cut something, you reduce it.	Verb
wait	When you wait for something or someone, you spend some time doing very little, because you cannot act until that thing happens or that person arrives.	When you wait for something or someone, you spend some time doing very little, because you cannot act until that thing happens or that person arrives.	If something is waiting for you, it is ready for you to use, have, or do.	Verb
extend	If you say that something, usually something large, extends for a particular distance or extends from one place to another, you are indicating its size or position.	If you say that something, usually something large, extends for a particular distance or extends from one place to another, you are indicating its size or position.	If you extend something, you make it longer or bigger.	Verb
swing	If something swings or if you swing it, it moves repeatedly backwards and forwards or from side to side from a fixed point.	If something swings or if you swing it, it moves repeatedly backwards and forwards or from side to side from a fixed point.	If something swings in a particular direction or if you swing it in that direction, it moves in that direction with a smooth, curving movement.	Verb
look	If you look for something, for example something that you have lost, you try to find it.	If you look for something, for example something that you have lost, you try to find it.	If you look in a particular direction, you direct your eyes in that direction, especially so that you can see what is there or see what something is like.	Verb
escape	If you escape from a place, you succeed in getting away from it.	If you escape from a place, you succeed in getting away from it.	You can say that you escape when you survive something such as an accident.	Verb
like	If you ask someone if they would like something or would like to do something, you are making a polite offer or invitation.	If you ask someone if they would like something or would like to do something, you are making a polite offer or invitation.	If you like something or someone, you think they are interesting, enjoyable, or attractive.	Verb
spread	If something such as a liquid, gas, or smoke spreads or is spread, it moves outwards in all directions so that it covers a larger area.	If something such as a liquid, gas, or smoke spreads or is spread, it moves outwards in all directions so that it covers a larger area.	If something spreads or is spread by people, it gradually reaches or affects a larger and larger area or more and more people.	Verb
try	If you try to do something, you want to do it, and you take action which you hope will help you to do it.	If you try to do something, you want to do it, and you take action which you hope will help you to do it.	When a person is tried, he or she has to appear in a law court and is found innocent or guilty after the judge and jury have heard the evidence. When a legal case is tried, it is considered in a court of law.	Verb
count	If something counts or is counted as a particular thing, it is regarded as being that thing, especially in particular circumstances or under particular rules.	If something counts or is counted as a particular thing, it is regarded as being that thing, especially in particular circumstances or under particular rules.	If you count all the things in a group, you add them up in order to find how many there are.	Verb
remember	If you remember people or events from the past, you still have an idea of them in your mind and you are able to think about them.	If you remember people or events from the past, you still have an idea of them in your mind and you are able to think about them.	If you cannot remember something, you are not able to bring it back into your mind when you make an effort to do so.	Verb
print	If numbers, letters, or designs are printed on a surface, they are put on it in ink or dye using a machine. You can also say that a surface is printed with numbers, letters, or designs.	If numbers, letters, or designs are printed on a surface, they are put on it in ink or dye using a machine. You can also say that a surface is printed with numbers, letters, or designs.	If someone prints something such as a book or newspaper, they produce it in large quantities using a machine.	Verb
live	To live means to be alive. If someone lives to a particular age, they stay alive until they are that age.	To live means to be alive. If someone lives to a particular age, they stay alive until they are that age.	If someone lives in a particular place or with a particular person, their home is in that place or with that person.	Verb
open	If an event such as a meeting or discussion opens with a particular activity or if a particular activity opens an event, that activity is the first thing that happens or is dealt with. You can also say that someone such as a speaker or singer opens by doing a particular thing.	If an event such as a meeting or discussion opens with a particular activity or if a particular activity opens an event, that activity is the first thing that happens or is dealt with. You can also say that someone such as a speaker or singer opens by doing a particular thing.	When a shop, office, or public building opens or is opened, its doors are unlocked and the public can go in.	Verb
project	If something is projected, it is planned or expected.	If something is projected, it is planned or expected.	If you project someone or something in a particular way, you try to make people see them in that way. If you project a particular feeling or quality, you show it in your behaviour.	Verb
hold	If something holds at a particular value or level, or is held there, it is kept at that value or level.	If something holds at a particular value or level, or is held there, it is kept at that value or level.	If someone holds you in a place, they keep you there as a prisoner and do not allow you to leave.	Verb
change	When you change your clothes or change, you take some or all of your clothes off and put on different ones.	When you change your clothes or change, you take some or all of your clothes off and put on different ones.	When something changes or when you change it, it becomes different.	Verb
challenge	If you challenge someone, you invite them to fight or compete with you in some way.	If you challenge someone, you invite them to fight or compete with you in some way.	If you challenge ideas or people, you question their truth, value, or authority.	Verb
fix	If you fix your eyes on someone or something or if your eyes fix on them, you look at them with complete attention.	If you fix your eyes on someone or something or if your eyes fix on them, you look at them with complete attention.	If you fix something for someone, you arrange for it to happen or you organize it for them.	Verb
bring	To bring someone or something into a particular state or condition means to cause them to be in that state or condition.	To bring someone or something into a particular state or condition means to cause them to be in that state or condition.	If you bring someone or something with you when you come to a place, they come with you or you have them with you.	Verb
