Lexeme	Sense Definition 1	Sense Definition 2	PoS
bad	If you describe a piece of news, an action, or a sign as bad, you mean that it is unlikely to result in benefit or success.	If you describe a piece of news, an action, or a sign as bad, you mean that it is unlikely to result in benefit or success.	Something that is bad is unpleasant, harmful, or undesirable.	Adjective
live	A live television or radio programme is one in which an event or performance is broadcast at exactly the same time as it happens, rather than being recorded first.	A live television or radio programme is one in which an event or performance is broadcast at exactly the same time as it happens, rather than being recorded first.	A live performance is given in front of an audience, rather than being recorded and then broadcast or shown in a film.	Adjective
high	Something that is high extends a long way from the bottom to the top when it is upright. You do not use high to describe people, animals, or plants.	Something that is high extends a long way from the bottom to the top when it is upright. You do not use high to describe people, animals, or plants.	You can use high to indicate that something is great in amount, degree, or intensity.	Adjective
old	Something that is old has existed for a long time.	Something that is old has existed for a long time.	You use old to talk about how many days, weeks, months, or years someone or something has lived or existed.	Adjective
long	If you describe a period of time or work as long, you mean it lasts for more hours or days than is usual, or seems to last for more time than it actually does.	If you describe a period of time or work as long, you mean it lasts for more hours or days than is usual, or seems to last for more time than it actually does.	A long distance is a great distance. A long journey or route covers a great distance.	Adjective
game	A game is one particular occasion on which a game is played.	A game is one particular occasion on which a game is played.	A game is an activity or sport usually involving skill, knowledge, or chance, in which you follow fixed rules and try to win against an opponent or to solve a puzzle.	Noun
everything	You use everything to refer to all possible or likely actions, activities, or situations.	You use everything to refer to all possible or likely actions, activities, or situations.	You use everything to refer to a whole situation or to life in general.	Noun
home	Someone's home is the house or flat where they live.	Someone's home is the house or flat where they live.	You can use home to refer in a general way to the house, town, or country where someone lives now or where they were born, often to emphasize that they feel they belong in that place.	Noun
case	A particular case is a particular situation or incident, especially one that you are using as an individual example or instance of something.	A particular case is a particular situation or incident, especially one that you are using as an individual example or instance of something.	The case for or against a plan or idea consists of the facts and reasons used to support it or oppose it.	Noun
something	You can use something to say that the description or amount that you are giving is not exact.	You can use something to say that the description or amount that you are giving is not exact.	You use something to refer to a thing, situation, event, or idea, without saying exactly what it is.	Noun
present	The present is the period of time that we are in now and the things that are happening now.	The present is the period of time that we are in now and the things that are happening now.	A present is something that you give to someone, for example at Christmas or when you visit them.	Noun
nothing	Nothing means not a single thing, or not a single part of something.	Nothing means not a single thing, or not a single part of something.	You can use nothing before 'so' and an adjective or adverb, or before a comparative, to emphasize how strong or great a particular quality is.	Noun
offer	An offer in a shop is a specially low price for a specific product or something extra that you get if you buy a certain product.	An offer in a shop is a specially low price for a specific product or something extra that you get if you buy a certain product.	An offer is something that someone says they will give you or do for you.	Noun
bottom	The bottom of something is the lowest or deepest part of it.	The bottom of something is the lowest or deepest part of it.	The bottom of an object is the flat surface at its lowest point. You can also refer to the inside or outside of this surface as the bottom.	Noun
anything	You use anything in statements with negative meaning to indicate in a general way that nothing is present or that an action or event does not or cannot happen.	You use anything in statements with negative meaning to indicate in a general way that nothing is present or that an action or event does not or cannot happen.	You use anything in questions and conditional clauses to ask or talk about whether something is present or happening.	Noun
bond	When people bond with each other, they form a relationship based on love or shared beliefs and experiences. You can also say that people bond or that something bonds them.	When people bond with each other, they form a relationship based on love or shared beliefs and experiences. You can also say that people bond or that something bonds them.	When one thing bonds with another, it sticks to it or becomes joined to it in some way. You can also say that two things bond together, or that something bonds them together.	Verb
require	If a law or rule requires you to do something, you have to do it.	If a law or rule requires you to do something, you have to do it.	If you require something or if something is required, you need it or it is necessary.	Verb
fall	If a person or structure that is standing somewhere falls, they move from their upright position, so that they are then lying on the ground.	If a person or structure that is standing somewhere falls, they move from their upright position, so that they are then lying on the ground.	If something falls, it decreases in amount, value, or strength.	Verb
pull	If you pull yourself or pull a part of your body in a particular direction, you move your body or a part of your body with effort or force.	If you pull yourself or pull a part of your body in a particular direction, you move your body or a part of your body with effort or force.	When you pull something, you hold it firmly and use force in order to move it towards you or away from its previous position.	Verb
judge	If you judge something, you guess its amount, size, or value or you guess what it is.	If you judge something, you guess its amount, size, or value or you guess what it is.	If you judge something or someone, you form an opinion about them after you have examined the evidence or thought carefully about them.	Verb
picture	To be pictured somewhere, for example in a newspaper or magazine, means to appear in a photograph or picture.	To be pictured somewhere, for example in a newspaper or magazine, means to appear in a photograph or picture.	If you picture something in your mind, you think of it and have such a clear memory or idea of it that you seem to be able to see it.	Verb
beam	If something beams radio signals or television pictures or they are beamed somewhere, they are sent there by means of electronic equipment.	If something beams radio signals or television pictures or they are beamed somewhere, they are sent there by means of electronic equipment.	If you say that someone is beaming, you mean that they have a big smile on their face because they are happy, pleased, or proud about something.	Verb
flash	If a picture or message flashes up on a screen, or if you flash it onto a screen, it is displayed there briefly or suddenly, and often repeatedly.	If a picture or message flashes up on a screen, or if you flash it onto a screen, it is displayed there briefly or suddenly, and often repeatedly.	If a light flashes or if you flash a light, it shines with a sudden bright light, especially as quick, regular flashes of light.	Verb
expect	If you tell someone not to expect something, you mean that the thing is unlikely to happen as they have planned or imagined, and they should not hope that it will.	If you tell someone not to expect something, you mean that the thing is unlikely to happen as they have planned or imagined, and they should not hope that it will.	If you expect something to happen, you believe that it will happen.	Verb
separate	If you separate people or things that have been connected, or if one separates from another, the connection between them is ended.	If you separate people or things that have been connected, or if one separates from another, the connection between them is ended.	If you separate a group of people or things into smaller elements, or if a group separates, it is divided into smaller elements.	Verb
rank	If you say that someone or something ranks high or low on a scale or if you rank them high or low, you are saying how good or important you think they are.	If you say that someone or something ranks high or low on a scale or if you rank them high or low, you are saying how good or important you think they are.	If an official organization ranks someone or something 1st, 5th, or 50th, for example, they calculate that the person or thing has that position on a scale. You can also say that someone or something ranks 1st, 5th, or 50th, for example.	Verb
press	If you press fruits or vegetables, you squeeze them or crush them, usually in order to extract the juice.	If you press fruits or vegetables, you squeeze them or crush them, usually in order to extract the juice.	If you press someone, you try hard to persuade them to do something.	Verb
battle	To battle means to try hard to do something in spite of very difficult circumstances. In British English, you battle against something or with something. In American English, you battle something.	To battle means to try hard to do something in spite of very difficult circumstances. In British English, you battle against something or with something. In American English, you battle something.	To battle with an opposing group means to take part in a fight or contest against them. In American English, you can also say that one group or person is battling another.	Verb
put	When you put an idea or remark in a particular way, you express it in that way. You can use expressions like to put it simply and to put it bluntly before saying something when you want to explain how you are going to express it.	When you put an idea or remark in a particular way, you express it in that way. You can use expressions like to put it simply and to put it bluntly before saying something when you want to explain how you are going to express it.	If you put something at a particular value or in a particular category, you consider that it has that value or that it belongs in that category.	Verb
peg	If you peg something somewhere or peg it down, you fix it there with pegs.	If you peg something somewhere or peg it down, you fix it there with pegs.	If a price or amount of something is pegged at a particular level, it is fixed at that level.	Verb
mind	If you do not mind something, you are not annoyed or bothered by it.	If you do not mind something, you are not annoyed or bothered by it.	You use mind in the expressions 'do you mind?' and 'would you mind?' as a polite way of asking permission or asking someone to do something.	Verb
fit	If something fits something else or fits into it, it goes together well with that thing or is able to be part of it.	If something fits something else or fits into it, it goes together well with that thing or is able to be part of it.	If something fits, it is the right size and shape to go onto a person's body or onto a particular object.	Verb
settle	If people settle a legal dispute or if they settle, they agree to end the dispute without going to a court of law, for example by paying some money or by apologizing.	If people settle a legal dispute or if they settle, they agree to end the dispute without going to a court of law, for example by paying some money or by apologizing.	If something settles or if you settle it, it sinks slowly down and becomes still.	Verb
send	If you send someone somewhere, you tell them to go there.	If you send someone somewhere, you tell them to go there.	When you send someone something, you arrange for it to be taken and delivered to them, for example by post.	Verb
link	If someone or something links two things or situations, there is a relationship between them, for example because one thing causes or affects the other.	If someone or something links two things or situations, there is a relationship between them, for example because one thing causes or affects the other.	If two places or objects are linked or something links them, there is a physical connection between them.	Verb
fail	If an activity, attempt, or plan fails, it is not successful.	If an activity, attempt, or plan fails, it is not successful.	If a business, organization, or system fails, it becomes unable to continue in operation or in existence.	Verb
fight	If one person fights with another, or fights them, they have an angry disagreement or quarrel. You can also say that two people fight.	If one person fights with another, or fights them, they have an angry disagreement or quarrel. You can also say that two people fight.	To fight means to take part in a boxing match.	Verb
force	If someone forces you to do something, they make you do it even though you do not want to, for example by threatening you.	If someone forces you to do something, they make you do it even though you do not want to, for example by threatening you.	If a situation or event forces you to do something, it makes it necessary for you to do something that you would not otherwise have done.	Verb
establish	If you establish yourself, your reputation, or a good quality that you have, you succeed in doing something, and achieve respect or a secure position as a result of this.	If you establish yourself, your reputation, or a good quality that you have, you succeed in doing something, and achieve respect or a secure position as a result of this.	If you establish that something is true, you discover facts that show that it is definitely true.	Verb
brush	If you brush something or brush something such as dirt off it, you clean it or tidy it using a brush.	If you brush something or brush something such as dirt off it, you clean it or tidy it using a brush.	If one thing brushes against another or if you brush one thing against another, the first thing touches the second thing lightly while passing it.	Verb
turn	When you turn something such as a key, knob, or switch, or when it turns, you hold it and twist your hand, in order to open something or make it start working.	When you turn something such as a key, knob, or switch, or when it turns, you hold it and twist your hand, in order to open something or make it start working.	When you turn or when you turn part of your body, you move your body or part of your body so that it is facing in a different or opposite direction.	Verb
speak	When you speak, you use your voice in order to say something.	When you speak, you use your voice in order to say something.	When someone speaks to a group of people, they make a speech.	Verb
explain	If you explain something that has happened, you give people reasons for it, especially in an attempt to justify it.	If you explain something that has happened, you give people reasons for it, especially in an attempt to justify it.	If you explain something, you give details about it or describe it so that it can be understood.	Verb
seal	If you seal a container or an opening, you cover it with something in order to prevent air, liquid, or other material getting in or out. If you seal something in a container, you put it inside and then close the container tightly.	If you seal a container or an opening, you cover it with something in order to prevent air, liquid, or other material getting in or out. If you seal something in a container, you put it inside and then close the container tightly.	When you seal an envelope, you close it by folding part of it over and sticking it down, so that it cannot be opened without being torn.	Verb
want	If you say to someone that you want something, or ask them if they want to do it, you are firmly telling them what you want or what you want them to do.	If you say to someone that you want something, or ask them if they want to do it, you are firmly telling them what you want or what you want them to do.	If you want something, you feel a desire or a need for it.	Verb
post	If you post a letter or package, you send it to someone by putting it in a post box or by taking it to a post office.	If you post a letter or package, you send it to someone by putting it in a post box or by taking it to a post office.	If a soldier, guard, or other person is posted somewhere, they are told to stand there, in order to supervise an activity or guard a place.	Verb
play	If you play a musical instrument or play a tune on a musical instrument, or if a musical instrument plays, music is produced from it.	If you play a musical instrument or play a tune on a musical instrument, or if a musical instrument plays, music is produced from it.	When you play a sport, game, or match, you take part in it.	Verb
work	People who work have a job, usually one which they are paid to do.	People who work have a job, usually one which they are paid to do.	When you work, you do the things that you are paid or required to do in your job.	Verb
light	If a place or object is lit by something, it has light shining on it.	If a place or object is lit by something, it has light shining on it.	If you light something such as a cigarette or fire, or if it lights, it starts burning.	Verb
splash	If you splash a liquid somewhere or if it splashes, it hits someone or something and scatters in a lot of small drops.	If you splash a liquid somewhere or if it splashes, it hits someone or something and scatters in a lot of small drops.	If you splash about or splash around in water, you hit or disturb the water in a noisy way, causing some of it to fly up into the air.	Verb
rule	The person or group that rules a country controls its affairs.	The person or group that rules a country controls its affairs.	When someone in authority rules that something is true or should happen, they state that they have officially decided that it is true or should happen.	Verb
bind	If something binds people together, it makes them feel as if they are all part of the same group or have something in common.	If something binds people together, it makes them feel as if they are all part of the same group or have something in common.	When a book is bound, the pages are joined together and the cover is put on.	Verb
fire	If you fire someone with enthusiasm, you make them feel very enthusiastic. If you fire someone's imagination, you make them feel interested and excited.	If you fire someone with enthusiasm, you make them feel very enthusiastic. If you fire someone's imagination, you make them feel interested and excited.	If someone fires a gun or a bullet, or if they fire, a bullet is sent from a gun that they are using.	Verb
need	If an object or place needs something doing to it, that action should be done to improve the object or place. If a task needs doing, it should be done to improve a particular situation.	If an object or place needs something doing to it, that action should be done to improve the object or place. If a task needs doing, it should be done to improve a particular situation.	If you need something, or need to do something, you cannot successfully achieve what you want or live properly without it.	Verb
seed	When a player or a team is seeded in a sports competition, they are ranked according to their ability.	When a player or a team is seeded in a sports competition, they are ranked according to their ability.	If you seed a piece of land, you plant seeds in it.	Verb
note	If you note a fact, you become aware of it.	If you note a fact, you become aware of it.	When you note something, you write it down as a record of what has happened.	Verb
care	If you care about something, you feel that it is important and are concerned about it.	If you care about something, you feel that it is important and are concerned about it.	If you care for someone or something, you look after them and keep them in a good state or condition.	Verb
describe	If a person describes someone or something as a particular thing, he or she believes that they are that thing and says so.	If a person describes someone or something as a particular thing, he or she believes that they are that thing and says so.	If you describe a person, object, event, or situation, you say what they are like or what happened.	Verb
fold	If a piece of furniture or equipment folds or if you can fold it, you can make it smaller by bending or closing parts of it.	If a piece of furniture or equipment folds or if you can fold it, you can make it smaller by bending or closing parts of it.	If you fold something such as a piece of paper or cloth, you bend it so that one part covers another part, often pressing the edge so that it stays in place.	Verb
love	If you would love to have or do something, you very much want to have it or do it.	If you would love to have or do something, you very much want to have it or do it.	If you love something, you like it very much.	Verb
trade	If someone trades one thing for another or if two people trade things, they agree to exchange one thing for the other thing.	If someone trades one thing for another or if two people trade things, they agree to exchange one thing for the other thing.	When people, firms, or countries trade, they buy, sell, or exchange goods or services between themselves.	Verb
screw	If you screw something somewhere or if it screws somewhere, you fix it in place by means of a screw or screws.	If you screw something somewhere or if it screws somewhere, you fix it in place by means of a screw or screws.	If you screw something somewhere or if it screws somewhere, you fix it in place by twisting it round and round.	Verb
learn	If you learn of something, you find out about it.	If you learn of something, you find out about it.	If you learn something, you obtain knowledge or a skill through studying or training.	Verb
