Lexeme	Sense Definition 1	Sense Definition 2	Sense Definition 3	PoS
long	A long distance is a great distance. A long journey or route covers a great distance.	A long distance is a great distance. A long journey or route covers a great distance.	A long event or period of time lasts for a great amount of time or takes a great amount of time.	Something that is long measures a great distance from one end to the other.	Adjective
battle	You can use battle to refer to someone's efforts to achieve something in spite of very difficult circumstances.	You can use battle to refer to someone's efforts to achieve something in spite of very difficult circumstances.	A battle is a conflict in which different people or groups compete in order to achieve success or control.	A battle is a violent fight between groups of people, especially one between military forces during a war.	Noun
number	You use number with words such as 'large' or 'small' to say approximately how many things or people there are.	You use number with words such as 'large' or 'small' to say approximately how many things or people there are.	A number is a word such as 'two', 'nine', or 'twelve', or a symbol such as 1, 3, or 47. You use numbers to say how many things you are referring to or where something comes in a series.	A number is the series of numbers that you dial when you are making a telephone call.	Noun
time	Time is what we measure in minutes, hours, days, and years.	Time is what we measure in minutes, hours, days, and years.	You use time to refer to the period that you spend doing something or when something has been happening.	If you say it is time for something, time to do something, or time you did something, you mean that this thing ought to happen or be done now.	Noun
use	If something has a particular use, it is intended for a particular purpose.	If something has a particular use, it is intended for a particular purpose.	Your use of something is the action or fact of your using it.	If you have the use of something, you have the permission or ability to use it.	Noun
nothing	You use nothing to indicate that something or someone is not important or significant.	You use nothing to indicate that something or someone is not important or significant.	You can use nothing before 'so' and an adjective or adverb, or before a comparative, to emphasize how strong or great a particular quality is.	Nothing means not a single thing, or not a single part of something.	Noun
match	If one thing matches another, they are connected or suit each other in some way.	If one thing matches another, they are connected or suit each other in some way.	If something of a particular colour or design matches another thing, they have the same colour or design, or have a pleasing appearance when they are used together.	If something such as an amount or a quality matches with another amount or quality, they are both the same or equal. If you match two things, you make them the same or equal.	Verb
stop	If someone does not stop to think or to explain, they continue with what they are doing without taking any time to think about or explain it.	If someone does not stop to think or to explain, they continue with what they are doing without taking any time to think about or explain it.	When a moving person or vehicle stops or is stopped, they no longer move and they remain in the same place.	If you stop something happening, you prevent it from happening or prevent it from continuing.	Verb
order	The way that something is ordered is the way that it is organized and structured.	The way that something is ordered is the way that it is organized and structured.	When you order something that you are going to pay for, you ask for it to be brought to you, sent to you, or obtained for you.	If a person in authority orders someone to do something, they tell them to do it.	Verb
separate	An object, obstacle, distance, or period of time which separates two people, groups, or things exists between them.	An object, obstacle, distance, or period of time which separates two people, groups, or things exists between them.	If you separate a group of people or things into smaller elements, or if a group separates, it is divided into smaller elements.	If you separate people or things that are together, or if they separate, they move apart.	Verb
show	If you show a particular attitude, quality, or feeling, or if it shows, you behave in a way that makes this attitude, quality, or feeling clear to other people.	If you show a particular attitude, quality, or feeling, or if it shows, you behave in a way that makes this attitude, quality, or feeling clear to other people.	If you show someone something, you give it to them, take them to it, or point to it, so that they can see it or know what you are referring to.	If something shows that a state of affairs exists, it gives information that proves it or makes it clear to people.	Verb
see	If a period of time or a person sees a particular change or event, it takes place during that period of time or while that person is alive.	If a period of time or a person sees a particular change or event, it takes place during that period of time or while that person is alive.	When you see something, you notice it using your eyes.	If you see that something is true or exists, you realize by observing it that it is true or exists.	Verb
bind	If something binds people together, it makes them feel as if they are all part of the same group or have something in common.	If something binds people together, it makes them feel as if they are all part of the same group or have something in common.	When a book is bound, the pages are joined together and the cover is put on.	If you are bound by something such as a rule, agreement, or restriction, you are forced or required to act in a certain way.	Verb
take	If something takes a particular quality or thing, that quality or thing is needed in order to do it.	If something takes a particular quality or thing, that quality or thing is needed in order to do it.	If something takes a certain amount of time, that amount of time is needed in order to do it.	If you take something with you when you go somewhere, you carry it or have it with you.	Verb
work	When you work, you do the things that you are paid or required to do in your job.	When you work, you do the things that you are paid or required to do in your job.	People who work have a job, usually one which they are paid to do.	When you work, you spend time and effort doing a task that needs to be done or trying to achieve something.	Verb
treat	If you treat someone or something in a particular way, you behave towards them or deal with them in that way.	If you treat someone or something in a particular way, you behave towards them or deal with them in that way.	If you treat someone to something special which they will enjoy, you buy it or arrange it for them.	When a doctor or nurse treats a patient or an illness, he or she tries to make the patient well again.	Verb
present	When you present information, you give it to people in a formal way.	When you present information, you give it to people in a formal way.	If someone or something presents a particular appearance or image, that is how they appear or try to appear.	If you present someone with something such as a prize or document, or if you present it to them, you formally give it to them.	Verb
fight	If one person fights with another, or fights them, the two people hit or kick each other because they want to hurt each other. You can also say that two people fight.	If one person fights with another, or fights them, the two people hit or kick each other because they want to hurt each other. You can also say that two people fight.	To fight means to take part in a boxing match.	If an army or group fights a battle with another army or group, they oppose each other with weapons. You can also say that two armies or groups fight a battle.	Verb
leave	If you leave a job, decision, or choice to someone, you give them the responsibility for dealing with it or making it.	If you leave a job, decision, or choice to someone, you give them the responsibility for dealing with it or making it.	If you leave something in a particular state, position, or condition, you let it remain in that state, position, or condition.	If you leave a message or an answer, you write it, record it, or give it to someone so that it can be found or passed on.	Verb
