Lexeme	Sense Definition 1	Sense Definition 2	Sense Definition 3	Sense Definition 4	PoS
nothing	You use nothing to indicate that something or someone is not important or significant.	You use nothing to indicate that something or someone is not important or significant.	You can use nothing before 'so' and an adjective or adverb, or before a comparative, to emphasize how strong or great a particular quality is.	Nothing means not a single thing, or not a single part of something.	You use nothing before an adjective or 'to'-infinitive to say that something or someone does not have the quality indicated.	Noun
take	You can use take followed by a noun to talk about an action or event, when it would also be possible to use the verb that is related to that noun. For example, you can say 'she took a shower' instead of 'she showered'.	You can use take followed by a noun to talk about an action or event, when it would also be possible to use the verb that is related to that noun. For example, you can say 'she took a shower' instead of 'she showered'.	If something takes a certain amount of time, that amount of time is needed in order to do it.	If you take something with you when you go somewhere, you carry it or have it with you.	If something takes a particular quality or thing, that quality or thing is needed in order to do it.	Verb
like	If you ask someone if they would like something or would like to do something, you are making a polite offer or invitation.	If you ask someone if they would like something or would like to do something, you are making a polite offer or invitation.	If you like something or someone, you think they are interesting, enjoyable, or attractive.	If you like something such as a particular course of action or way of behaving, you approve of it.	If you say to someone that you would like something or you would like them to do something, or ask them if they would like to do it, you are politely telling them what you want or what you want them to do.	Verb
order	The way that something is ordered is the way that it is organized and structured.	The way that something is ordered is the way that it is organized and structured.	When you order something that you are going to pay for, you ask for it to be brought to you, sent to you, or obtained for you.	If a person in authority orders someone to do something, they tell them to do it.	If someone in authority orders something, they give instructions that it should be done.	Verb
separate	If you separate people or things that have been connected, or if one separates from another, the connection between them is ended.	If you separate people or things that have been connected, or if one separates from another, the connection between them is ended.	If you separate a group of people or things into smaller elements, or if a group separates, it is divided into smaller elements.	If you separate people or things that are together, or if they separate, they move apart.	An object, obstacle, distance, or period of time which separates two people, groups, or things exists between them.	Verb
fight	If one person fights with another, or fights them, the two people hit or kick each other because they want to hurt each other. You can also say that two people fight.	If one person fights with another, or fights them, the two people hit or kick each other because they want to hurt each other. You can also say that two people fight.	To fight means to take part in a boxing match.	If an army or group fights a battle with another army or group, they oppose each other with weapons. You can also say that two armies or groups fight a battle.	If you fight for something, you try in a determined way to get it or achieve it.	Verb
