Lexeme	Sense Definition 1	Sense Definition 2	Sense Definition 3	Sense Definition 4	PoS
long	You use long to talk or ask about the distance something measures from one end to the other.	You use long to talk or ask about the distance something measures from one end to the other.	A long distance is a great distance. A long journey or route covers a great distance.	A long event or period of time lasts for a great amount of time or takes a great amount of time.	Something that is long measures a great distance from one end to the other.	Adjective
pay	You use pay with some nouns, for example in the expressions pay a visit and pay attention, to indicate that something is given or done.	You use pay with some nouns, for example in the expressions pay a visit and pay attention, to indicate that something is given or done.	If you pay for something that you do or have, you suffer as a result of it.	When you pay an amount of money to someone, you give it to them because you are buying something from them or because you owe it to them. When you pay something such as a bill or a debt, you pay the amount that you owe.	When you are paid, you get your wages or salary from your employer.	Verb
think	When you think about ideas or problems, you make a mental effort to consider them.	When you think about ideas or problems, you make a mental effort to consider them.	If you say that you think that something is true or will happen, you mean that you have the impression that it is true or will happen, although you are not certain of the facts.	If you are thinking something at a particular moment, you have words or ideas in your mind without saying them out loud.	If you think in a particular way, you have those general opinions or attitudes.	Verb
go	You use go to say that someone leaves the place where they are and does an activity, often a leisure activity.	You use go to say that someone leaves the place where they are and does an activity, often a leisure activity.	When you go to do something, you move to a place in order to do it and you do it. You can also go and do something, and in American English, you can go do something. However, you always say that someone went and did something.	When you go somewhere, you move or travel there.	If something goes with something else, or if two things go together, they look or taste nice together.	Verb
