Lexeme	Sense Definition 1	Sense Definition 2	Sense Definition 3	PoS
full	You use full to emphasize the completeness, intensity, or extent of something.	You use full to emphasize the completeness, intensity, or extent of something.	If someone or something is full of a particular feeling or quality, they have a lot of it.	You say that a place or vehicle is full when there is no space left in it for any more people or things.	Adjective
way	The way somewhere consists of the different places that you go through or the route that you take in order to get there.	The way somewhere consists of the different places that you go through or the route that you take in order to get there.	If you go or look a particular way, you go or look in that direction.	If you refer to a way of doing something, you are referring to how you can do it, for example the action you can take or the method you can use to achieve it.	Noun
case	A particular case is a particular situation or incident, especially one that you are using as an individual example or instance of something.	A particular case is a particular situation or incident, especially one that you are using as an individual example or instance of something.	The case for or against a plan or idea consists of the facts and reasons used to support it or oppose it.	A case is a person or their particular problem that a doctor, social worker, or other professional is dealing with.	Noun
close	To close a conversation, event, or matter means to bring it to an end or to complete it.	To close a conversation, event, or matter means to bring it to an end or to complete it.	When you close something such as a door or lid or when it closes, it moves so that a hole, gap, or opening is covered.	When a place closes or is closed, work or activity stops there for a short period.	Verb
send	If you send someone somewhere, you tell them to go there.	If you send someone somewhere, you tell them to go there.	When you send someone something, you arrange for it to be taken and delivered to them, for example by post.	To send someone or something into a particular state means to cause them to go into or be in that state.	Verb
open	When a public building, factory, or company opens or when someone opens it, it starts operating for the first time.	When a public building, factory, or company opens or when someone opens it, it starts operating for the first time.	If an event such as a meeting or discussion opens with a particular activity or if a particular activity opens an event, that activity is the first thing that happens or is dealt with. You can also say that someone such as a speaker or singer opens by doing a particular thing.	When a shop, office, or public building opens or is opened, its doors are unlocked and the public can go in.	Verb
offer	If an organization offers something such as a service or product, it provides it.	If an organization offers something such as a service or product, it provides it.	If you offer a particular amount of money for something, you say that you will pay that much to buy it.	If you offer someone something such as love or friendship, you show them that you feel that way towards them.	Verb
run	If someone runs for office in an election, they take part as a candidate.	If someone runs for office in an election, they take part as a candidate.	When you run, you move more quickly than when you walk, for example because you are in a hurry to get somewhere, or for exercise.	If you run something such as a business or an activity, you are in charge of it or you organize it.	Verb
sweep	If you sweep an area of floor or ground, you push dirt or rubbish off it using a brush with a long handle.	If you sweep an area of floor or ground, you push dirt or rubbish off it using a brush with a long handle.	If someone sweeps into a place, they walk into it in a proud, confident way, often when they are angry.	If your arm or hand sweeps in a particular direction, or if you sweep it there, it moves quickly and smoothly in that direction.	Verb
say	You use say in expressions such as I would just like to say to introduce what you are actually saying, or to indicate that you are expressing an opinion or admitting a fact. If you state that you can't say something or you wouldn't say something, you are indicating in a polite or indirect way that it is not the case.	You use say in expressions such as I would just like to say to introduce what you are actually saying, or to indicate that you are expressing an opinion or admitting a fact. If you state that you can't say something or you wouldn't say something, you are indicating in a polite or indirect way that it is not the case.	When you say something, you speak words.	You can mention the contents of a piece of writing by mentioning what it says or what someone says in it.	Verb
talk	If you talk to someone, you have a conversation with them. You can also say that two people talk.	If you talk to someone, you have a conversation with them. You can also say that two people talk.	If one group of people talks to another, or if two groups talk, they have formal discussions in order to do a deal or produce an agreement.	If you talk to someone, you tell them about the things that are worrying you. You can also say that two people talk.	Verb
bring	If something brings a particular feeling, situation, or quality, it makes people experience it or have it.	If something brings a particular feeling, situation, or quality, it makes people experience it or have it.	If you bring someone or something with you when you come to a place, they come with you or you have them with you.	To bring someone or something into a particular state or condition means to cause them to be in that state or condition.	Verb
